update ccvm sphinx docs to include documentation (#125)
1QB-Information-Technologies/ccvm: docs/source/mf_ccvm_sde.rst

The dynamics describing a CCVM with a measurement-feedback (MF-CCVM) coupling scheme is represented by the following set of SDEs. In this model, the DOPO pulses are assumed to maintain Gaussian distribution throughout the time evolution with the mean values :math:`\mu` and variances :math:`\sigma`:

.. math::

   \begin{align*}
   d\mu_i &= \Bigg\{\Big[p(t)-g^2\mu_i^2\Big]\mu_i -\lambda \partial_i f(\tilde\mu)\Bigg\}dt+\sqrt{j(t)}\Bigg(\sigma_i-\frac{1}{2}\Bigg)dW_i\\
   \frac{d\sigma_i}{dt}&=2\Bigg[p(t)-3g^2\mu_i^2\Bigg]\sigma_i-2j(t)\Bigg(\sigma_i-\frac{1}{2}\Bigg)^2+\Bigg[\Big(1+j(t)\Big)+2g^2\mu_i^2\Bigg]
   \end{align*}
   
.. math::

   \mathbf{\mu}(0)=\mathbf{0},\;\;\mathbf{\sigma}(0)=\frac{\mathbf{1}}{2}

where

.. math::

   j(t) = j_0 \exp\Big(-\alpha \frac{t}{T}\Big)

is the normalized continuous measurement strength scheduled using an exponential function, :math:`\lambda` is a hyper-parameter controlling the strength of the feedback signal (coupling term), :math:`g` is the normalized second-order nonlinearity coefficient of the nonlinear crystal, and

.. math::

   \tilde \mu = \mu +\frac{1}{\sqrt{4j(t)}}\frac{dW}{dt}

> is the vector of measured mean field amplitudes as a function of the mean-field amplitudes within the cavity :math:`\mu` and :math:`dW`, the vector of Wiener processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is the vector of measured mean field amplitudes as a function of the mean-field amplitudes within the cavity :math:`\mu` and :math:`dW`, the vector of Wiener processes.

#### Example script: How to solve BoxQP problem using `CCVM Simulators` 
If you run the demo script  by `$python ccvm/examples/ccvm_boxqp_mf.py` it will simulate **the dynamics of MF-CCVM** for an example problem instance with a sample outcome:

Solution(
    problem_size=20, batch_size=1000, iterations=15000, 
    solve_time=10.338, optimal_value=152.602, best_value=147.960,
    solution_performance={
        'optimal': 0.666, 'one_percent': 0.666, 'two_percent': 0.666, 'three_percent': 0.684, 
        'four_percent': 0.994, 'five_percent': 0.994, 'ten_percent': 0.995
    }
)
```

.. math::

   \begin{align*}
   d\mu_i &= \Bigg\{\Big[p(t)-g^2\mu_i^2\Big]\mu_i -\lambda \partial_i f(\tilde\mu)\Bigg\}dt+\sqrt{j(t)}\Bigg(\sigma_i-\frac{1}{2}\Bigg)dW_i\\
   \frac{d\sigma_i}{dt}&=2\Bigg[p(t)-3g^2\mu_i^2\Bigg]\sigma_i-2j(t)\Bigg(\sigma_i-\frac{1}{2}\Bigg)^2+\Bigg[\Big(1+j(t)\Big)+2g^2\mu_i^2\Bigg]
   \end{align*}

.. math::

   \mathbf{\mu}(0)=\mathbf{0},\;\;\mathbf{\sigma}(0)=\frac{\mathbf{1}}{2}

where

.. math::

   j(t) = j_0 \exp\Big(-\alpha \frac{t}{T}\Big)

is the normalized continuous measurement strength scheduled using an exponential function, :math:`\lambda` is a hyper-parameter controlling the strength of the feedback signal (coupling term), :math:`g` is the normalized second-order nonlinearity coefficient of the nonlinear crystal, and

.. math::

   \tilde \mu = \mu +\frac{1}{\sqrt{4j(t)}}\frac{dW}{dt}

is the vector of measured mean field amplitudes as a function of the mean-field amplitudes within the cavity :math:`\mu` and :math:`dW`, the vector of Wiener processes.

Example script to solve BoxQP problem using MF-CCVM solver
--------------------------------------------------------------------

> If you run the demo script by executing :code:`$ python ccvm/examples/ccvm_boxqp_mf.py`, it will simulate the dynamics of MF-CCVM for an example problem instance with a sample outcome:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The demo script, `ccvm_boxqp_mf.py`, in the examples folder simulates the dynamics of MF-CCVM for an example problem instance. It can be run from the root directory using the following command in the terminal:

:code:`$ python ccvm/examples/ccvm_boxqp_dl.py`

The script will print the solution, similar to the example output below.
```

Reviewer 3: In the paper, we have been calling it "the MF-CCVM". I'm not sure how important this is.
